1.31
MORE STUFF just waiting to get 1.4 ! 
FIXED - issue where if too many logs there would be no scroll 
FIXED - issue where going to fast in program would cause de sync between eel and python 
FIXED - issue where program would randomly crash due to eel sync 
FIXED - program cant que request and would cause lag between requets or crash with no error message 
FIXED - clear on Chem Check page now actually clears 
FIXED - if you clicked to fast after loading thr program would crash 
FIXED - Issue Where loading chem check can submit before its actually uploaded ! 
Fixed - Close on Popup now works as intended 
FIXED - github link being wierd color now is blue for maximum visibility 
FIXED - Update title looked like it was a update point this is no longer the case 
FIXED - Logs are now actaully readable and not just  hodgepoge of random stuff 
ADDED - Report Bug button on home page 
ADDED - Loading Screen and Running screens 
ADDED - Consistent rgb control for everything ! 
ADDED - Runs now report if they finish its no longer a guessing game !!!
ADDED - Ability to Display Errors ! 
ADDED - Ability to display pertinet information based off a online source Can be used to display found bugs or any other important imformation 
ADDED - Pertinet information is now Based on Version so diffrent info can be displayed for diffrent versions
ADDED - Display Screen to display information 
ADDED - Chem will now show running 
ADDED - Clear Chem now display sucess 
ADDED - Patron count now will show when you are running 
ADDED - Patron will now display sucess! 
ADDED - styling to Report button its not longer a "bad" looking button 
ADDED - Basic settings page 
ADDED - Ability to arm the program during runtime ! ( needs to be used with caution !)
ADDED - ability to scrool though all changes in Update log 
ADDED - A whole mess of easter eggs :) 
REMOVED - excel sheet no longer clears when you load Chem check page (may need change?)
CHANGE - when hitting tab on Chem Checks it not goes down instead of across should help in speed of input !
CHANGE - UI of Chem Check is better ... 
CHANGE - UI of Patron Check is better... 
